Explicitly apply MAX_MONEY to Orchard (#526)
zcash/zips: protocol/protocol.tex

  \overwinteronwarditem{\nExpiryHeight{} \MUST be less than or equal to 499999999.}
  \overwinteronwarditem{If a \transaction is not a \coinbaseTransaction and its \nExpiryHeight{} field
        is nonzero, then it \MUSTNOT be mined at a \blockHeight greater than its \nExpiryHeight.}

>   \saplingonwarditem{\valueBalance{Sapling}\nufive{ and \valueBalance{Orchard}} \MUST be in the range $\range{-\MAXMONEY}{\MAXMONEY}$.}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \saplingonwarditem{\valueBalance{Sapling} \MUST be in the range $\range{-\MAXMONEY}{\MAXMONEY}$.}
  \nufiveonwarditem{\valueBalance{Orchard} \MUST be in the range $\range{-\MAXMONEY}{\MAXMONEY}$ for version
        5 \transactions.}
```
